Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH"...
Dartz: THE POWER
OF THE ORICHALCOS
WILL SWALLOW YOU BOTH,
AND IT ALL STARTS
WITH THIS,
A MAGIC CARD KNOWN AS
ORICHALCOS MIRROR,
WHICH IN TURN CALLS
4 KNIGHTS TO THE FIELD
TO PROTECT ME.
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD!
YOUR KNIGHTS ARE ONLY SAFE
IF YOUR
MIRROR KNIGHT-CALLING
MAGIC CARD IS IN PLAY.
SO NOW, I'LL SQUASH IT
WITH RING OF DESTRUCTION!
NOW WHEN YOUR KNIGHTS
ARE DESTROYED,
THEY CAN'T COME BACK.
RECOGNIZE ANYONE?
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO DEFEAT
ME WITHOUT DESTROYING
THESE MONSTERS,
AND YOU CAN'T DESTROY
MY KNIGHTS
WITHOUT DESTROYING
THE SOULS OF YOUR FRIENDS.
[LAUGHS]
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-DUEL!
Dartz:
SO TELL ME, GENTLEMEN,
WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF MY NEWEST SOLDIERS?
I'M SURE THERE'S NO NEED
FOR ANY INTRODUCTIONS.
Yami-Yugi:
THAT'S NOT
FUNNY, DARTZ.
MAYBE NOT TO YOU.
THAT'S ENOUGH.
JUST DROP THE MAGIC ACT
AND LET'S DUEL.
BUT WE ARE DUELING,
YOU INSENSIBLE TWIT.
WE'RE JUST DOING IT
BY MY RULES, THAT'S ALL.
SINCE I NOW CONTROL
THE SOULS OF YOUR
FORMER FRIENDS,
I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE FUN
TO LET THEM PLAY
ALONG WITH US.
LEAVE THEM ALONE!
WHAT DID THEY DO
TO YOU?
YOU SHOULD BE
THANKING ME.
AND WHY'S THAT?
I'M GIVING YOU
ONE LAST CHANCE TO SEE
YOUR COMPANIONS
BEFORE THEIR SOULS
ARE GONE FOREVER.
YOU'LL NEVER
TAKE THEM AWAY
FROM US, DARTZ!
THAT'S RIGHT, PHARAOH.
LET YOUR ANGER CONSUME YOU.
FEEL THE DARKNESS
WITHIN YOU
BEGINNING TO SPREAD.
THE STRONGER YOUR RAGE,
THE MORE POWERFUL
THE GREAT LEVIATHAN WILL BE
WHEN IT ABSORBS YOUR SOUL.
NOW WHERE WAS I?
AH, YES,
MIRROR KNIGHT YUGI,
IT'S TIME TO ATTACK
YOUR OTHER HALF.
NO, YUGI!
FIGHT IT!
I KNOW YOU CAN
HEAR ME!
[GRUNTING]
WHAT'S THIS?
MY SOLDIER IS STILL
LOYAL TO YOU?
HOW TOUCHING.
EVEN THOUGH YOU TURNED
YOUR BACK ON HIM,
HE REFUSES TO SEEK REVENGE.
THAT WILL SOON CHANGE.
WE'LL SEE.
LET'S MOVE ON.
I LAY A CARD FACE DOWN
ON THE FIELD.
LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU'VE GOT, KAIBA.
MY PLEASURE.
Kaiba, voice-over:
I'M NOT GOING TO
BE INTIMIDATED
JUST BECAUSE HE PUT
A FEW FAMILIAR FACES
ON HIS LITTLE SOLDIERS.
FIRST I'LL PLAY
MY POT OF GREED MAGIC CARD,
LETTING ME DRAW TWICE.
AND THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
MY COST DOWN CARD.
IT LOWERS THE LEVEL
OF A MONSTER IN MY HAND
SO I CAN SUMMON IT
WITHOUT A SACRIFICE.
NOW I CALL TO THE FIELD
MY DIFFERENT
DIMENSION DRAGON!
AND THANKS TO
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY,
MY DRAGON CAN'T BE DESTROYED
BY ANY MONSTER
WITH LESS THAN 1,900
ATTACK POINTS.
AND DON'T FORGET,
MY KAISER GLIDER
CAN'T BE DESTROYED BY
YOUR KNIGHTS, EITHER.
WELL, WHAT ARE
YOU WAITING FOR?
KAISER GLIDER,
ATTACK KNIGHT NUMBER 3!
BUT THAT'S MAI!
PLEASE STOP!
KAIBA!
QUIET.
I'M NOT GONNA LET
SOME MIND TRICK STOP ME
FROM WINING THIS DUEL.
THAT LUNATIC SEIZED
CONTROL OF MY COMPANY,
AND I'M PREPARED
TO DO WHATEVER I HAVE TO
TO GET IT BACK.
DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?
I'M BEGGING YOU--
PLEASE, YUGI.
HE'S TRYING TO STALL US,
AND I TOLD YOU
IT'S NOT GONNA WORK ON ME.
VERY WELL.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
WHAT ARE WE
SUPPOSED TO DO?
IF WE LET DARTZ WIN,
THEN HE'LL CAPTURE US
AND THE WHOLE PLANET
WILL SUFFER.
BUT IF WE FIGHT BACK,
OUR FRIENDS WILL BE
LOST FOREVER.
SO YOU'VE GOT A DWEEB ARMY.
AM I SUPPOSED TO BE
SCARED TO ATTACK?
WELL, ONLY IF DESTROYING
AN INNOCENT SOUL CONCERNS YOU.
NAH.
AS THE PRESIDENT
OF A MAJOR CORPORATION,
I HAVE TO DO THAT EVERY DAY.
NOW, KAISER GLIDER,
CONTINUE YOUR ATTACK
ON HIS MIRROR KNIGHT.
Tea:
OH, NO! MAI!
THERE GOES
HER MIRROR SHIELD.
THAT MEANS
ONE MORE ATTACK
AND SHE'S GONE.
DIFFERENT DIMENSION DRAGON,
ATTACK HER AGAIN!
KAIBA, STOP!
OH, NO.
HEY, LOOK!
JOEY SAVED HER.
I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
NOW HE LOST HIS SHIELD.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
MAI'S ALL RIGHT,
THANKS TO JOEY.
YES, AND BY SACRIFICING
HIS OWN SHIELD
TO PROTECT MAI,
JOSEPH WHEELER
JUST RUINED YOUR ATTACK.
FIGURES WHEELER
MESSED THINGS UP.
I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACE DOWN
AND END MY TURN.
BACK TO ME.
YUGI, YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO
FOR US TO WIN--
CRUSH WHEELER AND MAI.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
NO, I CAN'T
ENDANGER THEM.
COME ON.
NEITHER ONE OF THEM
HAS A SHIELD.
NOW ATTACK.
Joey: WE'LL SAVE
YA, YUGE.
Mai: YOU FOUGHT
WITH HONOR, YUGI.
NICE DUEL.
ENOUGH!
NO EVIL
SHALL PENETRATE ME!
YUGI!
IF HIS PLAN WORKS,
DARTZ WILL HAVE SUCCEEDED
IN UNLEASHING A TRULY
DEVASTATING POWER.
YOU'RE OUR ONLY HOPE,
YUGI BOY.
I WON'T LET THIS
HAPPEN TO YOU!
YUGI, NO!
I'M LETTING THE SEAL
TAKE ME INSTEAD.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
I REFUSE TO PUT MY
FRIENDS IN HARM'S WAY.
ALL RIGHT, DARTZ,
I HAVE NO CHOICE
BUT TO END MY TURN.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
OH, NO.
IF THE PHARAOH
DOESN'T ATTACK,
THEN DARTZ
IS GONNA WIN.
DON'T WORRY.
HE'LL THINK
OF SOMETHING, TEA.
HE ALWAYS DOES.
YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE,
AND FAILED.
SO IT'S UP TO ME TO DO
WHAT YOU COULDN'T.
BUT FIRST I'LL TAKE
A FEW LIFE POINTS,
COMPLIMENTS OF
THE ORICHALCOS.
NOW ON TO YOUR FRIENDS.
IF YOU CAN'T CHOOSE
WHICH ONE TO ATTACK,
THEN I'LL CHOOSE FOR YOU,
AND I'LL USE THIS,
THE MAGIC CARD
TWIN BOW CENTAUR!
NEXT I'LL PICK
TWO MONSTERS--
ONE ON MY SIDE
OF THE FIELD
AND ONE ON YOURS.
THEN MY CENTAUR
WILL RANDOMLY
CHOOSE ONE OF THEM
TO REMOVE FROM THE GAME...
PERMANENTLY.
I THINK I'LL TARGET
KAIBA'S KAISER GLIDER
AND MIRROR KNIGHT JOSEPH.
IF THAT ARROW REMOVES
JOEY FROM THE GAME,
WE'LL NEVER
GET HIM BACK.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
AND IF IT HITS SETO,
HE'LL LOSE MOST
OF HIS LIFE POINTS.
KAIBA OR JOSEPH--
WHO WILL IT CHOOSE?
LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE THE UNLUCKY ONE
THIS TIME, MR. KAIBA.
SETO!
OH, NO!
I WOULDN'T WANT
TO END THINGS
ON SUCH A SOUR NOTE,
SO ALLOW ME TO SHARE WITH YOU
THE UPSIDE OF THIS TRAGEDY.
MY CARD REQUIRES ME
TO END MY TURN.
THAT IS GOOD NEWS.
NOW I CAN DO WHAT
YOUR SIAMESE DONKEY TWINS
SHOULD'VE DONE LAST TURN,
REMOVE JOEY WHEELER
FROM THE GAME
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
KAIBA--
JUST SAVE IT.
THAT SECOND RATE CHUMP
HAS HELD ME BACK
FOR THE LAST TIME.
DIFFERENT DIMENSION DRAGON,
ATTACK.
NO! DON'T DO THIS!
TOO LATE!
NO WAY.
THIS TIME,
YUGI PROTECTED JOEY.
[LAUGHS]
HOW CUTE.
MAYBE FRIENDSHIP
DOES CONQUER ALL.
AND THANKS TO YOUR FRIENDS'
LOYALTY TO ONE ANOTHER,
I'LL BE ABLE
TO CONQUER YOU TWO.
THAT'S ENOUGH.
I WON'T LET YOU
USE THEM
FOR YOUR OWN
SELFISH SCHEME.
I ACTIVATE MYSTICAL
SPACE TYPHOON,
WHICH REMOVES
YOUR CENTAUR
FROM THE FIELD.
THAT ENDS MY TURN.
YOU POOR FOOL.
YOU JUST WASTED YOUR TURN
DESTROYING A CREATURE
I DIDN'T NEED,
AND WAIT TILL YOU SEE
WHAT I'M ABOUT TO
REPLACE HIM WITH.
I SUMMON
ORICHALCOS MALEVOLENCE!
AND THANKS TO
THE SECOND LAYER
OF THE SACRED SEAL,
MY POWER INCREASES BY
ANOTHER 3,000 POINTS.
HE'S GOT OVER
15,000.
YEAH, AND MY BROTHER'S
ONLY GOT 600.
ONE MORE ATTACK
AND HE'S TOAST.
I THINK WE BOTH KNOW
WHAT HAS TO HAPPEN NOW,
MR. KAIBA.
BUT DON'T YOU FRET,
'CAUSE I'LL MAKE SURE
THAT SOUL OF YOURS
IS PUT TO GOOD USE
JUST AS SOON AS IT'S MINE.
ORICHALCOS MALEVOLENCE,
ATTACK.
IT'S BEEN A REAL BLAST.
Roland:
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
GET BACK HERE!
YOU CAN'T
GO IN THERE!
HOLD ON, DARTZ.
I ACTIVATE
ATTACK GUIDANCE BARRIER.
NOW I CAN
REDIRECT YOUR ATTACK
TO A DIFFERENT MONSTER
AND RAISE
ITS STRENGTH BY 600,
AND I KNOW EXACTLY
WHO TO PICK--
YUGI'S BIG SHIELD GARDNA.
VERY IMPRESSIVE.
HOWEVER,
MY LIFE POINTS ARE SAFE,
THANKS TO MY KYUTORA,
AND YOUR PATHETIC GARDNA
IS FORCED TO SWITCH
INTO ATTACK MODE.
THAT MAY BE TRUE,
BUT THANKS TO
KAIBA'S TRAP CARD,
YOUR TURN'S DONE.
MUST YOU
EXPLAIN EVERYTHING?
JUST GO!
YOU BETTER HOPE
NOTHING HAPPENS TO ME,
'CAUSE YOU CAN'T
DO THIS ALONE.
Kaiba, voice-over:
I ONLY HAVE 600 POINTS LEFT,
AND THERE'S NOT A MONSTER
IN MY HAND I CAN SUMMON.
FIRST, I'LL SWITCH MY DRAGON
INTO DEFENSE MODE,
AND THEN I'LL END MY TURN BY
PLACING TWO CARDS FACEDOWN.
IT'S UP TO ME NOW.
IF YOU WANT TO WIN
THIS DUEL,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO ATTACK
THOSE MIRROR KNIGHTS.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
NO, I CAN'T TURN MY BACK
ON YUGI AGAIN.
YOU HAVE TO ATTACK!
IT'S THE ONLY WAY!
WE'LL BE FINE.
IF YOU DON'T ATTACK,
YOU'LL LOSE,
AND TOO MANY PEOPLE
ARE DEPENDING ON YOU.
BUT, YUGI, IF ANY
OF YOU ARE ATTACKED,
YOUR SOULS MAY BE
LOST FOREVER.
Yugi, voice-over:
TRUST ME.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
DO YOU REALIZE YOU'RE
TALKING TO A HOLOGRAM
WITH YOUR HEAD ON IT?
KAIBA, ONCE AGAIN,
YOU'RE CLUELESS.
LET'S GO, PHARAOH.
EVERYONE IS WAITING.
FIRST, I'LL SWITCH
MY BIG SHIELD GARDNA
BACK INTO
DEFENSE MODE.
AND THEN I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
WITH THAT,
I SHALL END MY TURN.
PLEASE TELL ME
THIS IS A JOKE.
[LAUGHS]
IT'S QUITE
APPARENT THAT
THERE'S NOTHING
EITHER OF YOU CAN DO
TO STOP ME,
SO LET'S PUT YOU
OUT OF YOUR MISERY,
SHALL WE?
Rafael:
YOU DON'T LOOK HAPPY
TO SEE ME,
AND AFTER ALL
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH.
WHERE'S THE LOVE?
DON'T ANSWER THAT.
I'VE HEARD ENOUGH LIES
FROM YOU.
THE PHARAOH OPENED ME UP
TO THE TRUTH.
REALLY?
YEAH, REALLY.
THANKS TO HIM,
I WAS ABLE TO ESCAPE
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS
WITH MY SOUL
STILL INTACT--
UNLIKE THEM AND EVERYONE
ELSE YOU USED.
NOW SET THEM FREE
BEFORE YOU END UP
ON THAT WALL.
YOUR SOUL
MAY HAVE BEEN SPARED,
BUT IT SOUNDS LIKE
THE ORICHALCOS TOOK
WHAT WAS LEFT
OF YOUR BRAIN.
WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
IT MEANS YOU'RE
MORE GULLIBLE THAN EVER.
DO YOU HONESTLY THINK
THE DARKNESS THAT ONCE
CONTROLLED YOU IS GONE?
YES.
THE PHARAOH SET ME FREE.
DID HE...
OR DID HE JUST TRICK YOU
THE WAY YOU THINK I DID?
STOP IT!
YOU'RE MESSING
WITH MY HEAD.
PERHAPS, OR MAYBE
I'M JUST TRYING TO SHOW YOU
THAT YOU'RE JUST LIKE
EVERYONE ELSE IN THE WORLD.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS LOOK AROUND YOU, RAFAEL.
EACH ONE OF THESE POOR FOOLS
GAVE IN TO THEIR DARK SIDE
AND WAS TAKEN BY
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS.
THEY'RE EVIL,
JUST LIKE ALL HUMANS,
WHICH IS WHY I WAS CHOSEN
TO WIPE THEM OUT--
AND YOU'RE NO DIFFERENT.
YOU CAN'T JUST WALK AWAY
FROM THE DARKNESS.
IT'S PART OF WHO YOU ARE.
THAT'S WHY I HIRED YOU.
YOUR RAGE MADE YOU
THE PERFECT CANDIDATE
TO CARRY OUT MY PLAN.
YEAH, WELL,
I'M THROUGH BEING ANGRY
AT THE WORLD.
THAT'S IT.
THE PHARAOH
AND HIS FRIENDS
REMINDED ME
WHAT LOYALTY AND TRUST
ARE ALL ABOUT.
I USED TO BE LIKE THEM
BEFORE YOU CAME
INTO MY LIFE
AND POISONED MY MIND
WITH THE ORICHALCOS.
[CHUCKLES]
[LAUGHS]
I MISSED THE JOKE.
YOU ARE THE JOKE.
THE ORICHALCOS
DIDN'T POISON YOUR MIND.
IT EXPOSED
WHAT YOU TRULY ARE
ON THE INSIDE--
A CORRUPT HUMAN BEING
FULL OF ANGER,
JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE
IN THIS ROOM.
WHAT DOES
THAT MAKE YOU?
WELL, YOU MIGHT SAY
I'M A PIONEER
CHOSEN BY THE ORICHALCOS
TO CARVE OUT A NEW WORLD,
AND MY TASK IS NEARLY DONE.
SOON I'LL HAVE ENOUGH POWER
TO AWAKEN THE LEVIATHAN
AND REBUILD CIVILIZATION.
FOR 10,000 YEARS
I'VE BEEN GATHERING
THE SPIRITS OF MANKIND
TO AMASS ENOUGH ENERGY
TO REGENERATE
THE GREAT BEAST.
BUT TIME WAS RUNNING OUT
AND I NEEDED HELP.
SO YOU FOUND US?
I REQUIRED 3 SUBORDINATES
TO CARRY OUT MY PLAN.
THEY NEEDED TO BE
FILLED WITH ENOUGH ANGER
TO TAP THE FULL POWER
OF THE ORICHALCOS.
THEY ALSO NEEDED A REASON
TO HATE THE PEOPLE
OF THIS WORLD
AS MUCH AS I DO.
AS SOON AS I ENCOUNTERED
VALON, ALISTER,
AND YOURSELF,
I KNEW THAT I'D FOUND EXACTLY
WHAT I HAD BEEN SEARCHING FOR.
OF COURSE,
IT WAS NECESSARY
TO INFLUENCE CERTAIN EVENTS
IN YOUR LIVES.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
"INFLUENCE"?
I SEE I'M GOING TO
NEED TO SPELL
THIS OUT FOR YOU.
LET'S START WITH ALISTER.
HIS FAMILY WAS CAPTURED BY
GOZABURO KAIBA'S TANKS
DURING HIS EFFORT
TO TAKE OVER THEIR TOWNSHIP.
WHAT'S YOUR POINT?
IS THAT STORY
TRUE, MOKUBA?
Mokuba:
UNFORTUNATELY,
IT IS.
OF COURSE,
WHAT ALISTER DOESN'T KNOW
IS THAT KAIBA'S FATHER
DIDN'T DO A THING.
THAT HONOR BELONGS TO ME.
Man: WE COULDN'T
HAVE DONE THIS
WITHOUT YOU, MR. KAIBA.
[CHUCKLES]
AND THEN THERE'S POOR VALON,
WHO PRACTICALLY GREW UP
IN A JUVENILE DETENTION CENTER,
THANKS ONCE AGAIN
TO YOURS TRULY.
I FRAMED HIM
FOR HIS FIRST CRIME
AT THE AGE OF 9.
[LAUGHS]
AND, OF COURSE,
WE CAN'T FORGET
ABOUT YOU, RAFAEL.
AHH, THAT STORMY NIGHT.
NOT THAT.
YOU COULDN'T HAVE.
RAFAEL!
GUYS!
Dartz, voice-over:
YOUR CAPTAIN DIDN'T TAKE
YOU INTO THAT TYPHOON.
IT WAS I WHO LED
YOUR SHIP ASTRAY.
NO! BUT WHY?
YOU'RE GOING TO
HAVE TO START PAYING
ATTENTION ONE OF THESE DAYS.
I WATCHED YOU
MASTER DUEL MONSTERS
AT A YOUNG AGE,
BUT I NEEDED TO UNLOCK
YOUR INNER FURY.
IT WAS THE ONLY WAY
TO MAKE SURE THAT
YOU WERE STRONG ENOUGH.
AFTER ALL, I HAD
THE 3 LEGENDARY DRAGONS
TO CONTEND WITH NOW,
AND QUITE FRANKLY,
YOUR LIFE WAS A BIT
TOO PERFECT.
SO I MADE SOME
ADJUSTMENTS.
RAFAEL, YOU MUSTN'T
LISTEN TO HIM!
EVERYTHING
IS YOUR FAULT.
YOU TOOK ME
FROM MY FAMILY.
I NEEDED YOUR ANGER,
YOUR THIRST FOR REVENGE.
YOU RUINED MY LIFE,
YOU MONSTER!
[CHUCKLES]
NO!
IT'S THE SEAL
OF ORICHALCOS!
YEAH, BUT I DIDN'T SEE
ANYONE PLAY THAT CARD.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
NO! HIS GUARDIAN EATOS!
RAFAEL,
CONTROL YOUR ANGER.
YOU CAN STOP THE SEAL!
Dartz: WRONG, PHARAOH.
THE ORICHALCOS
LIVES WITHIN HIM
AND CAN NEVER BE
EXTINGUISHED.
ITS GLOW BURNS
IN HIS HEART,
AND I'M AFRAID
THERE'S NO TURNING BACK NOW.
HIS SOUL BELONGS TO ME.
[CHUCKLES]
Mokuba:
HE'S BEEN CAPTURED.
RAFAEL.
OH, MAN.
CAN YOU HEAR US?
[DARTZ LAUGHS]
Dartz: ANOTHER SOUL,
ANOTHER STEP CLOSER
TO AWAKENING THE GREAT BEAST.
[LAUGHS]
ALL RIGHT,
THIS ENDS NOW.
HOW RIGHT YOU ARE.
I'M JUST ABOUT DONE.
ONCE I PLAY THIS CARD,
YOUR FATE WILL BE SEALED,
FOR THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS
IS ABOUT TO BECOME
EVEN STRONGER.
WHAT ARE YOU UP TO,
DARTZ?
IT CAN'T BE GOOD.
AND NOW,
IT'S TIME TO EXPERIENCE
THE THIRD LEVEL OF DARKNESS.
GO, ORICHALCOS TRITOS!